Document font-palette & @font-palette-values with its descriptors (#22519)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/dashed-ident/index.md

---
title: <dashed-ident>
slug: Web/CSS/dashed-ident
page-type: css-type
tags:
  - CSS
  - CSS Data Type
  - Data Type
  - Draft
  - Layout
  - Reference
  - Web
  - dashed-ident
spec-urls:
  - https://drafts.csswg.org/css-values/#dashed-idents
---

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`<dashed-ident>`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [data type](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Types) denotes an arbitrary string used as an {{glossary("identifier")}}. `<dashed-ident>`s are only every defined by the user and [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) will never define a `<dashed-ident>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`<dashed-ident>`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [data type](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Types) denotes an arbitrary user-defined string used as an {{glossary("identifier")}}.
```
Can we mention how this data type is different from `<custom-ident>`?

Author: Shall do

Author: Done

## Syntax

> The syntax of `<dashed-ident>` is similar to CSS identifiers (such as property names), except that it is [case-sensitive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Case_sensitivity). It starts with 2 dashes, followed by the user defined identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax of `<dashed-ident>` is similar to CSS identifiers (such as property names), except that it is [case-sensitive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Case_sensitivity). It starts with two dashes, followed by the user-defined identifier.
```

> ## Usage notes
> 
> The double dash at the beginning make these easy to identify when reading through a CSS code block. They also will not clash with CSS-defined properties that will come in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The double dash at the beginning of the string makes them easily identifiable when reading through a CSS code block.
```
- we don't have this section "Usage notes" defined in any of the CSS templates. Let's merge this info with the 'Syntax' section.
- we don't write time-based info, so I've removed the last sentence

> ### CSS custom properties
> 
> When `<dashed-ident>` is used for [CSS Custom Properties](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_custom_properties), the property is declared first and then used within a [CSS var() function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/var).
> 
> #### Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples

### Using with CSS custom properties

When `<dashed-ident>` is used with [CSS custom properties](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_custom_properties), the property is declared first and then used within a [CSS var() function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/var).
```
I've switched out the section levels - 'Examples' should be an h2

```css
html {
  --primary-color: red;
  --secondary-color: blue;
  --tertiary-color: green;

> }
> h1, h4 {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}

h1, h4 {
```

  color: var(--primary-color);

> }
> h2, h5 {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}

h2, h5 {
```

  color: var(--secondary-color);

> }
> h3, h6 {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}

h3, h6 {
```

  color: var(--tertiary-color);
}
```

> ### @color-profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using with @color-profile
```

> When `<dashed-ident>` is used for [@color-profile](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@color-profile) [At-rules](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/At-rule), the property is declared first and then used within a [CSS color() function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/color).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `<dashed-ident>` is used with the [@color-profile](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@color-profile) at-rule, the at-rule is declared first and then used within a [CSS color() function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/color).
```

> #### Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Done

```css
@color-profile --my-color-profile {
  src: url("https://example.org/SWOP2006_Coated5v2.icc");

> }
> .header {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}

.header {
```

  background-color: color(--my-color-profile 0% 70% 20% 0%);
}
```

> ### @font-palette-values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using with @font-palette-values
```

> When `<dashed-ident>` is used for [@font-palette-values](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-palette-values) [At-rules](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/At-rule), the property is declared first and then used as the value for the [font-palette](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-palette) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `<dashed-ident>` is used with the [@font-palette-values](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-palette-values) at-rule, the at-rule is declared first and then used as the value for the [font-palette](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-palette) property.
```

> #### Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Done

```css
@font-palette-values --my-palette {
  font-family: Bixa;
  base-palette: 1;
  override-colors: 0 #ff0000;

> }
> h1, h2, h3, h4 {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}

h1, h2, h3, h4 {
```

  font-palette: --my-palette;
}
```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

> _As this type is not a real type but a convenience type used to simplify the definition of other CSS syntax._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_As this type is not a real type but a convenience type used to simplify the definition of other CSS syntax, there is no browser compatibility information as such._
```
The complete sentence is there on the [custom_ident](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/custom-ident#browser_compatibility) page. If possible, this will require fixing in the [ident](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/ident#browser_compatibility) page as well.

Author: OK I'll look at this
